# Assassin Fighter
A web based fighting game that brings back the paradigm of one keyboard - two players back for a spin. You will be immersed back into the past with the beautiful 8-bit graphics provided by Chriss Ulysseo and a font by CodeMan38. The game features two animated assassins fighting each other to the death as bitter rivals. Which one shall turn out triumphant? The Red One, representing the bloody rage and hot-headedness of mashing a spacebar or the more cold-headed and constrained Green One, which will follow any directions your arrow keys command? Thanks to all the animations, you can watch this fight from the comfort of your home watching the assassins' cloak flying around as they battle in the high mountains above the sky. 
## Tech used
Supplementing the old-fashioned style is the mostly vanilla javascript implementation. While gsap is imported for ease of use for animations, other than that, it is nothing more than a scaled-up version of HTML, CSS and vanilla Javascript. The text, health and timer interface are its own elements, but the rest is handled through the canvas API and especially its drawImage method. It also uses requestAnimationFrame, so FPS is limited by hardware and not timeouts. The JS is split into multiple files. Like many games, it is programmed in an Object-Oriented paradigm. A customly created Sprite class helps render images and it's subclass Player handles player-specific behaviour. Utility functions help abstract some game control mechanisms, but the main code and calls of methods and functions are in script.js.
The game is licenced under the GPL-3 and btw., don't you dare say the characters look like Among Us, the designer did his best.
